(Yuma)
Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL"...
(Dumon)
Our plan was to
give power to humans
so they would
steal Numbers
and destroy
Astral World.
Unfortunately, Vetrix
and Faker were both defeated
by the
power of Zexal.
You are a brave
Barian warrior.
I know you
can do the job.
I will get every
single Number.
I am counting
on you, Girag.
(Girag)
So this is Yuma
Tsukumo's world.
Who is
this guy?
I can be your
new best friend.
'Cause I can give
you real power.
Power enough to rule
your whole pathetic planet!
All you gotta do is
work for Barian World.
(Rio)
They're
coming...
coming to take
what's most valuable!
(Yuma)
Astral!
Maybe
it's him?
Are you
Yuma Tsukumo?
Come to the school right
now and bring your Numbers.
(Yuma)
Tori, I think you
better hold on to this.
I can't risk
Astral's safety.
Now hand over those Numbers
and be quick about it!
Why do you
want my Numbers?
I want them because
Barian World needs them.
(both)
Let's duel!
Come forth Chaos Xyz
Mechquipped Djinn Angeneral!
♪
Chaos Xyz?
What kind of
thing is that?
My Chaos Xyz monster gets
to absorb all Overlay Units
from your
Xyz Monster!
I can't use its
special abilities anymore!
It's over!
And now all your Numbers
will belong to Barian World!
(laughing)
♪
♪ Still
together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided
we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't
stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we
ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip
up today ♪
♪ You just
wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear
down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the
final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our
souls can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us
fight together ♪
♪ Regret
it never ♪
♪ Our dreams
will be ♪
♪ Halfway
to Forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach
down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that
we can do ♪
♪ Halfway
to Forever ♪
♪ We've got
nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep
breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway
to Forever ♪♪
♪
This duel's
almost finished...
just
like you.
What?
I have a
little surprise.
Some friends of mine
are coming to meet me.
They should be
here pretty soon.
But when
they get here,
it's not gonna be
pretty for you!
And neither
is this!
Chaos Xyz Mechquipped
Djinn Angeneral,
attack
Utopia!
Without
Overlay Units,
Utopia won't be able
to stop the attack!
But even if
I take damage,
only a Number can
destroy my Utopia!
Think
again, Yuma.
What?
Go Doom's
Air Raid!
♪
(explosion)
(shouting)
♪
(gasps)
(Tori)
What's
happening?
My Number...
Utopia was
just destroyed!
This
can't be!
It can be and
it is my friend!
Whenever I summon a Chaos Xyz
Monster using Barian's Force,
your Numbers can be
destroyed by non-Numbers!
So?
So it looks like
your number's up, kid.
♪
It's over,
Yuma Tsukumo.
Our Chaos Xyz monsters
exist to destroy Numbers.
And without them
you're nothin'.
(Bronk)
What a
monster.
(Flip)
Yuma can't
beat that.
(gasps)
(Cathy)
Guys, look!
Yuma's not
wearing his Key!
You're right
Cathy, it's gone!
In the end, it looks
like Yuma has to battle
without
Astral's help!
And I've got even more
bad news for you, Yuma.
I'm not
finished,
so here's another
taste of Barian's power.
I activate
Angeneral's special ability!
By using all of
Angeneral's Overlay Units,
I can deal 500 points
of damage for each one!
♪
Go Chaos
Blast Barrage!
(screaming)
♪
Yuma, I do not
understand this.
I thought we were one but
you are battling without me.
Who is
holding the Key?
It is
Tori.
♪
(Astral)
Tori....
I know you possess
the Golden Key.
Astral!
Yuma is in a battle
with Barian World
and the Numbers
are in danger.
Barian
World?
You must take
me to Yuma.
But I...
I don't
exactly know why,
but someone or something
is trying to take Astral.
Tori, I think you
better hold on to this.
But aren't you going to
need Astral to help you out?
I can risk
Astral's safety.
This is the only way I
know how to protect him.
No, Astral.
I'm sorry, but I just
can't take you to Yuma.
He wants to make
sure you're safe.
He wants...
I see.
Yuma is trying
to protect me.
Astral, I...
Tori, Yuma is battling against
a new and powerful threat now.
I want to duel
alongside him,
immediately.
You must to take
me to him, Tori.
Please.
What
should I do?
♪
(Tori)
Hang on,
Yuma.
We're on
the way.
Hurry,
Tori.
Hurry.
♪
(tires squeal)
(man)
Well, well,
Kite Tenjo.
I always wanted
to take you down.
You're welcome to
take your best shot.
But I'll do whatever it
takes to make you fail.
And if I do go down, I'm
taking Barian World with me.
Nothing would
make me happier.
(man)
Well, Sharky... looks like
all us against one of you.
It may look that way to
you, but I'm not alone.
I've got
friends on my side.
And I'd like you to meet
some of my nastiest ones.
(roar)
(both)
Let's do this!
I place one card
facedown and end my turn!
♪
I can't
let up.
I might
lose,
but I gotta fight for
Astral no matter what!
You're
goin' down!
Yes, a
monster card!
I place a card
facedown in defense mode!
And then, I'll place one
card facedown and end my turn!
(Yuma)
That should
stop him, for now.
You think you're
smart don't ya?
Well,
you're not!
From my hand, I activate the
spell card Overlay Zero Buster.
When my Xyz Monster
has no Overlay Units,
your monster
is destroyed!
♪
No!
(explosion)
Gogogo
Gigas!
Yuma...
It's all
over for you!
Attack him Chaos Xyz
Mechquipped Djinn Angeneral!
Then I activate
the trap Pinpoint Guard!
With this, I can summon
one Level 4-or-below monster
from my graveyard
in defense mode.
Only thing, it loses
all its special abilities!
Let's do this,
Gogogo Gigas!
Doom's
Air Raid!
♪
(explosion)
It protected Yuma!
Sorry,
Gogogo Gigas.
You dirty
little...
I activate the
trap Xyz Meteor!
(laughing)
That's sad news
for you, boy.
Now, even if your
monster's in defense mode,
you still take
damage from my attack!
(explosions)
-Yuma!
-Oh, no!
Too bad
you survived.
Now Xyz Meteor's
other effect
lets me draw
one more card!
I place two
cards facedown
and end
my turn!
♪
(Yuma)
I have to
face the truth.
Without
Astral I...
I don't think
I can win this.
(Tori)
Yuma!
Tori.
Here,
Yuma!
♪
That
Key...
It looks like your little
friend couldn't go the distance.
Astral...
(moaning)
I wish you
were here.
Yuma...
But I... I have
got to protect you.
♪
Astral.
I knew
he'd show up.
I just
knew it.
Astral,
I was...
You shouldn't
have come here.
I can handle
this myself.
Please
go away.
Yuma, why are
you doing this?
I had
a dream.
A dream?
It was like
a warning.
That I'd lose what's
most valuable to me.
And that
meant you.
So I tried to
protect you...
but I
failed.
I know the
dream was right.
I can see
you fading.
And it's... it's all
because I couldn't...
Yuma, you have
made me very happy.
All that you have done
proves that I have made
a true and
powerful friend.
Because only
such a friend
would put himself
in harm's way for me.
But Astral...
And those who seek to
destroy you must first...
♪
...destroy me!
Yuma,
stand up.
It's
too late.
I do not
agree.
You seem to be
forgetting the fact
that our Life Points
have yet to run out.
As usual, always
Mr. Know-it-all.
Yuma, get
on your feet!
Wow... Now I guess
I have two people
deciding what
I should do.
We must
battle.
Stand up,
Yuma.
♪
Astral, I'm
feelin' the flow!
(cheering)
This is
super-duper lame.
They don't have a chance,
but they're too dumb to quit.
Yuma, what
is that?
Oh, yeah.
That's a Chaos Xyz,
Barian's new weapon.
It destroys
Numbers.
A Chaos Xyz.
I see.
I have good
news, Yuma.
I envision our victory
with perfect clarity.
You know it.
My turn.
I draw!
You
what?
You only have a
hundred points left.
You can't
beat me!
Yuma, summon
Gagaga Magician!
Right!
I summon
Gagaga Magician!
Gagaga!
Now play a spell card
from your hand, Yuma!
Okay!
I activate the spell
card Numbers Evocation!
By tributing
Gagaga Magician,
I can summon a Number
from my graveyard!
♪
Now I bring
back Utopia!
♪
So what?
You still can't
defeat my Chaos Xyz.
I activate the trap
Xyz Imprisonment!
With this card, your
Xyz Monster can't attack.
Never?
Never!
And not only that, you
take 500 points of damage
when your
turn ends!
What?
Utopia can't
attack now, Yuma.
And you only have
100 life points left.
As soon as your turn ends,
it's all over for you.
It's never over
'til it's over!
And when Astral and I combine
our powers and work together,
there's no way
you can beat us!
Very well
said, Yuma.
Thanks.
I'm feelin'
the flow!
Go Chaos
Xyz Evolution!
♪
Come on out Chaos
Number 39: Utopia Ray!
♪
I activate Utopia
Ray's special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
it gains 500 attack points!
Overlay
Charge!
And your monster loses
1,000 attack points!
Now go,
Utopia Ray!
Rising Sun
Chaos Slash!
This can't
happen!
My Chaos Xyz won't
be beaten by a Number!
I activate the
trap Wild Charger!
When you attack my monster
when it has no Overlay Units,
your monster's attack
points are added to mine!
Now Angeneral has
4,600 attack points.
This is where it all ends,
your Numbers are all mine.
I don't
think so.
Do you?
I most
certainly do not.
I activate the
spell Numbers Impact!
Since your monster has over
a thousand more attack points
than
mine does,
my Number gains your
monster's attack points!
No way!
It can't!
Finish him with
Rising Sun Chaos Slash!
♪
(shouting)
(beeping)
Yuma just
won the duel!
Triumph!
Yes, he
did it!
(Caswell)
Amazing!
(Cathy)
Incredible!
Congratulations,
to both of you.
♪
(laughing)
You don't really think
it's all over, do ya?
You're forgetting
something, kid.
My gang's coming for you
and they're gonna be here
any
second.
(Fender)
There's not
much time left...
for you!
(laughing)
(Kite)
Guess again.
Huh?
Who
are they?
Kite,
Shark!
Sorry to disappoint, but
your friends aren't coming.
Let's just say that
when we left them,
they were resting
uncomfortably.
(Fender)
You're saying...
So you're saying that the two
of you stopped my entire gang?
(groaning)
Just
you two?
Yeah,
just us two.
We
handled them.
You want some
of what they got?
(orbital 7)
Direct attack!
(shouting)
Mission
accomplished.
(chuckling)
(Girag)
Looks like those three are
gonna make things interesting.
Good thing we got
lots planned for 'em..
Yuma, I believe it is safe
to say that this individual
was being controlled
by a Barian power
similar to the one
that controlled Dr. Faker.
Barian.
(the gang)
Yuma.
(Bronk)
You did it, Yuma!
(Cathy)
You were great!
Of course.
Nobody's
gonna beat me!
My my....
Still so
humble.
Yeah.
(Kite)
Yuma.
I don't think we've heard
the last from Barian World.
My gut says this
just the beginning.
Guys, that doesn't
scare me one bit!
As long as we combine our
powers and work as a team,
there's no way
anybody can beat us.
'Cause I'm gonna
high five the sky!